SDL 0299 Revisions - Add a Mechanism to Avoid Deadlock (#1042)
smartdevicelink/sdl_evolution: proposals/0299-Avoid-Deadlock.md

# Add a Mechanism to Avoid Deadlock

* Proposal: [SDL-0299](0299-Avoid-Deadlock.md)
* Author: [Yuki Shoda](https://github.com/Yuki-Shoda), [Akihiro Miyazaki (Nexty)](https://github.com/Akihiro-Miyazaki)
* Status: **Returned for Revisions**
* Impacted Platforms: [ iOS ]

## Introduction
This proposal is to avoid deadlock by adding a mechanism that stops Audio Streaming under certain conditions when the app on the mobile device side moves to BACKGROUND.

## Motivation
When using SDL Core 4.5, and SDL iOS (v6.3.1 or later), a deadlock may occur when Audio Streaming is played while Video Streaming is stopped.
Due to this support (https://github.com/smartdevicelink/sdl_ios/pull/1235/) in the current SDL iOS (v6.3.1 or later),  Audio Streaming continues to play when the app on the mobile device side moves to BACKGROUND.
For this reason (#1235), a deadlock may occur.
To avoid the deadlock, it is desirable to add a mechanism where the negotiated RPC spec version is judged by the iOS library and stops Audio Streaming when the app on the mobile device side moves to BACKGROUND.

## Proposed solution

> The negotiated RPC spec version and the manufacturer name are checked by the iOS library, when the app on the mobile device side moves to BACKGROUND. If the negotiated RPC spec version is 4.5.2 (Mobile API v4.5.1)  or older and the manufacturer name is not `Ford`, then Audio Streaming is stopped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The negotiated RPC spec version and the manufacturer name are checked by the iOS library, when the app on the mobile device side moves to BACKGROUND. If the negotiated RPC spec version is 4.5.1 (used in SDL Core v4.5.2)  or older and the manufacturer name is not `Ford`, then Audio Streaming is stopped.
```
